the leader in the network
the book
on the other hand he remembered the classics but also
with the traditional music of our country and Latin America
This show is possible thanks to the active productions that goes to
present then to this day and tomorrow
guillén sunday the French group goes to the cusco and then returns to its part of the
group heights is still going to continue in our country and so there is time
still tomorrow to observe
and enjoy this art, let's talk to him
a mozilla is the director
director productions while we will also continue to enjoy with his
show
Goodnight
point to these groups so it is with the materialization of a dream
shared
the assembly falls into the mouth of coffee growers
percent of the area
the south of france was coming
working with the group heights will be a little over seven years they have
learned the distribution of heights our Peruvian songs
practically
with him with his heart set on our country and one of his greatest
dreams was to come and sing that repertoire in Peru
and thank God today materialize
nor the homicide group luis luquin
Spain repeats the same eleven that welcomes to continue it so it is already
have presented
there are so many
what does it matter if they are interpreting institutions and electricians
intensified a year ago
Well, very simple
the decisive points are needed and since then it would have to be one
same
let's keep fighting
then the party
it is presenting
the study center
amador
two
thank you
over the night good night I'm very
the tenerife
story
that breaks boundaries
if it makes it very clear to us that music joins people
in what way it has been possible for explosives to come
5 from an OPA to a pillar, it is also foreseen whether or not there is
with the bilateral agreement of cultural exchange between Peru
between Peru and France we have made this possible
this time this visit of the coral ensemble of at home of tolosa and apprehensions
always supports this type of exchange
very happy but make it
what is the height share the group heights
nothing of him is working directly with them is not true
for seven years and 55
a repertoire with jun
they found
in a francis scenario not them but not just how difficult it pointed
the Latin American song among Peruvians
when they make up the group heights are four only four is still not
have joined members of eta one but that height does not
have incorporated up to 50 in the exercise of their functions
despite its stretched
jajajajajajajaja
agents in the street to share with heights very well to be like this
let's see if this fact continues
won thank you very much dion
heights you have to see this is a group that started
In our country
they went to some to abuse epn
possibilities of development that encounter were found shelter
consider very well received
yes after a short stay
in germany they went to live in france in france and in spain they have not gone
nothing bad and what we see is that the French to the Spanish
they are making us sing our songs sing
is going to be our music that
clearly priceless
a hug for santurtzi
the dra
I have said
child
everyone
i